Chore: (Docs) Writing stories section (#16236)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/snippets/react/my-component-play-function-with-delay.js.mdx

```js
// MyComponent.stories.js | MyComponent.stories.jsx | MyComponent.stories.ts | MyComponent.stories.tsx

// These are placeholders until the addon-interaction is out
import { screen } from '@testing-library/react';

import userEvent from '@testing-library/user-event';

import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent.js';

export default {
  component: MyComponent,
};

export const DelayedStory = {
  play: async () => {

>     // The delay option set the ammount of milliseconds between characters being typed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // The delay option sets the amount of milliseconds between characters being typed
```
